Update configuration.asciidoc (#1106)
elastic/apm-agent-python: docs/configuration.asciidoc

[[configuration]]
== Configuration

> To adapt the Elastic APM agent to your needs, configure it using environment variables or framework specific

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To adapt the Elastic APM agent to your needs, configure it using environment variables or framework-specific
```

 * <<config-central_config,Central configuration>>
(supported options are marked with <<dynamic-configuration, image:./images/dynamic-config.svg[] >>)
 * Environment variables
 * Inline configuration

>  * Framework specific configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Framework-specific configuration
```

with something more descriptive and unique across your infrastructure.

NOTE: The service name must conform to this regular expression: `^[a-zA-Z0-9 _-]+$`.

> Your service name must only contain characters from the ASCII alphabet, numbers, dashes, underscores, and spaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In other words, the service name must only contain characters from the ASCII alphabet, numbers, dashes, underscores, and spaces.
```

* `"debug"`
* `"trace"` (sets `logging.log_level` to 5)

Options are not case sensitive.

> Note that this option doesn't have anything to do with logging handlers.
> For any logs to be visible, you must either configure a handler

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that this option doesn't do anything with logging handlers. In order
for any logs to be visible, you must either configure a handler
```

* `"debug"`
* `"trace"` (sets `logging.log_level` to 5)

> Options are not case sensitive.

Author: Not case sensitive instead of case insensitive, right?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Options are case-insensitive
```

> Note that this option doesn't have anything to do with logging handlers.

Reviewer: Reverted–thanks!

This string is used to ensure that only your agents can send data to your APM Server.
Both the agents and the APM Server have to be configured with the same secret token.
An example to generate a secure secret token is:

[source,bash]
----
python -c "import uuid; print(str(uuid.uuid4()))"
----

> WARNING: Secret tokens only provide any security if your APM Server use TLS.

Author: Does TLS need to be spelled out?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WARNING: Secret tokens only provide any security if your APM Server uses TLS.
```

// TODO: add link to APM Server API Key docs once the docs are released

This base64-encoded string is used to ensure that only your agents can send data to your APM Server.

> The API key must have been previously created using the APM Server command line tool. Please see the APM Server
> documentation for details on how to create this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The API key must be created using the {apm-server-ref-v}/api-key.html[APM server command-line tool].
```

| `ELASTIC_APM_FRAMEWORK_NAME` | `FRAMEWORK_NAME` | Depending on framework
|============

The name of the used framework.
For Django and Flask, this defaults to `django` and `flask` respectively,

> otherwise, `None`.

Reviewer: I think it's important to call out 'default' here, even if it's wordy.

```suggestion
otherwise, the default is `None`.
```

| `ELASTIC_APM_FRAMEWORK_VERSION` | `FRAMEWORK_VERSION` | Depending on framework
|============

The version number of the used framework.
For Django and Flask, this defaults to the used version of the framework,

> otherwise, `None`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
otherwise, the default is `None`.
```

|============

When collecting local variables, they will be converted to strings.

> This setting allows you to limit the length of resulting string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This setting allows you to limit the length of the resulting string.
```

| `ELASTIC_APM_LOCAL_VAR_DICT_MAX_LENGTH` | `LOCAL_VAR_DICT_MAX_LENGTH` | `10`
|============

> This setting allows you to limit the length of dicts in local variables. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This setting allows you to limit the length of dicts in local variables.
```

|============

By default, the APM agent collects source code snippets for errors.

> This setting allow you to modify the number of lines of source code that are being collected. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This setting allows you to modify the number of lines of source code that are being collected. 
```

Possible values: `true`, `false`

WARNING: Request headers often contain sensitive values like session IDs and cookies.

> Please see our documentation on <<sanitizing-data, sanitizing data>> for more information on how to
> filter this data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See <<sanitizing-data,sanitizing data>> for more information on how to filter out sensitive data.
```

| `ELASTIC_APM_TRANSACTION_MAX_SPANS` | `TRANSACTION_MAX_SPANS` | `500`
|============

This limits the amount of spans that are recorded per transaction.
This is helpful in cases where a transaction creates a very high amount of spans (e.g. thousands of SQL queries).

> Setting an upper limit will prevent overloading the agent and the APM Server with too much work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting an upper limit will prevent edge cases from overloading the agent and the APM Server.
```

A comma-separated list of dotted metrics names that should not be sent to the APM Server.

> You can use `*` to match multiple metrics. For example, to disable all CPU-related metrics,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use `*` to match multiple metrics; for example, to disable all CPU-related metrics,
```

| `ELASTIC_APM_BREAKDOWN_METRICS`   | `BREAKDOWN_METRICS` | `True`
|============

> Enable or disable the tracking and collection of breakdown metrics.
> By setting this to `False`, this metric tracking is completely disabled, which can reduce the overhead of the agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable or disable the tracking and collection of breakdown metrics.
Setting this to `False` disables the tracking of breakdown metrics, which can reduce the overhead of the agent.
```

==== Duration format

The _duration_ format is used for options like timeouts.

> The unit is provided as a suffix directly after the number without and separation by whitespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The unit is provided as a suffix directly after the number–without any separation by whitespace.
```
